Generate examples with jsf (#1891)
spec-first/connexion: docs/cli.rst

---------------------

You can run a simple server which returns example responses on every request.

The example responses can be defined in the ``examples`` response property of

> the OpenAPI specification. If no examples are specified, then an example is
> built from the schema provided.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the OpenAPI specification. If no examples are specified, and you have installed connexion with the `mock` extra (`pip install connexion[mock]`), an example is generated based on the provided schema.
```
